# Type
## Common fields
_Fields common to all schemas in this document_

Property name | Description | Type | Required? | Example 
--- | --- | --- | --- | ---
 describedBy | The URL reference to the schema. | string | no |  |  |  | 
schema_version | The version number of the schema in major.minor.patch format. | string | no | 4.6.1

## sequence_file
_A file of read sequences generated by a sequencing experiment._

Location: type/file/sequence_file.json

Property name | Description | Type | Required? | Object reference? | User friendly name | Allowed values | Example 
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- 
schema_type | The type of the metadata schema entity. | string | yes |  |  | file | 
file_core | Core file-level information. | object | yes | [See core  file_core](core.md/#file_core) |  |  | 
read_index | Whether the read file contains the read1, read2, index1, or index2 part of the sequencing read. If read file represents a single-end, non-indexed library, indicate that here. | string | yes |  | Read index | read1, read2, index1, index2, single-end, non-indexed | read1
lane_index | The index of the lane that this file was sequenced from. | integer | no |  | Lane index |  | 1
read_length | The length of a sequenced read in this file, in nucleotides. | integer | no |  | Read length |  | 51
insdc_run | An INSDC (International Nucleotide Sequence Database Collaboration) run accession. Accession must start with DRR, ERR, or SRR. | array | no |  | INSDC run |  | 
smartseq2 | Fields specific for SmartSeq2 experiments. | object | no | [See module  smartseq2](module.md/#smartseq2) |  |  | 

